---
layout: default
title: About Me
---

{{ page.title }}
================

Alexandre is a Research Staff Member in the Natural Resources group at
IBM Research – Brazil. He joined IBM in December 2012.

Prior that, Alexandre was adjunct professor at the
[Applied Mathematics School of Getulio Vargas Foundation](http://emap.fgv.br)
(EMAp/FGV) and he was also lecturer at
[PUC-Rio](http://www.inf.puc-rio.br). Alexandre has taught many
graduate and undergraduate courses: logics, data structures,
programming, formal languages and automata theory. During his Ph.D.,
Alexandre was international fellow at Microsoft Research and SRI
International. At
[MSR](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/redmond/projects/z3/people.html),
in 2008, he worked with the Z3 SMT Solver team under supervision of
Leonardo Moura and Nikolaj Bjørner developing a distributed
environment for testing and optimizations of Z3. At
[SRI International](http://www.sri.com/), in 2009, he worked under
supervision of Natarajan Shankar in different research projects.

At FGV, Alexandre worked for more than 16 years. He began as an IT
staff and in the last three years, after complete his Ph.D., joined
the EMAp team as adjunct professor. Besides all the experience as
programmer, software architect and manager, as a researcher, Alexandre
participated in several research projects like: MIST (using natural
language processing and description logics for Knowledge modeling),
ANUBIS (database consistency check) and Ontology and Context
(investigating the problem of ontology alignment).

Alexandre is the author/co-author of 28 papers published in
peer-reviewed journals and international conferences. His areas of
expertise are logics, proof theory, knowledge representation and
reasoning. He has also worked with natural language processing and
Category Theory. During his PhD, he proposed new deduction systems for
description logics with aims to provide support for proof explanations
under supervision of Edward Hermann Haeusler. Springer published his
thesis titled "A proof theory for Description Logics" in 2012 as a
book of the series Springer Briefs. His currently researches are:
logics for law formalization and legal reasoning, ontology alignment
and instance matching, but he is also interested in theorem provers,
proof theory, NLP for Portuguese, inconsistency and integrity checking
of RDF datasets and ontologies. 

Alexandre holds a Ph.D. (2010) in Computer Science from Pontifical
Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro (PUC-Rio) and M.Sc. (2005) in
Computer Science from Fluminense Federal University, and B.Sc. (2001)
in Computer Science from Federal University from Rio de Janeiro.

You can find more information at:

 - [Homepage at IBM](http://researcher.ibm.com/person/br-alexrad)
 - [Publications at DBLP](http://www.informatik.uni-trier.de/~ley/db/indices/a-tree/r/Rademaker:Alexandre.html)
 - [Google Profile](http://scholar.google.com/citations?user=SWz6BjIAAAAJ)
 - [Microsoft Academic](http://academic.research.microsoft.com/Author/2751793)
 - [BibSonomy](http://www.bibsonomy.org/user/arademaker)
 - [Research Gate](http://www.researchgate.net/profile/Alexandre_Rademaker/)
 - [iamResearcher](http://www.iamresearcher.com/profiles/alexandre.rademaker/)
 - [Academia](http://fgv.academia.edu/AlexandreRademaker)
 - [Curriculum Lattes (Portuguese)](http://lattes.cnpq.br/0675365413696898)
 - [Facebook](http://facebook.com/alexandre.rademaker)
 - [Twitter](http://twitter.com/arademaker)
  
