about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About Me
---

{{ page.title }}
================

In April 2010 I obtained my PhD at [PUC-Rio](http://www.puc-rio.br).
My advisor was [Edward Hermann
Haeusler](http://www.inf.puc-rio.br/~hermann/). My research
areas are [Description Logics](http://dl.kr.org/) and [Proof
Theory](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_theory). Currently, I am a
professor at [Applied Math School at Getulio Vargas Foundation](http://emap.fgv.br).

During my PhD I had two outstanding experiences as International
fellow at [MS
Research](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/redmond/projects/z3/people.html),
between April and July of 2008 and at [SRI
International](http://www.sri.com/), between February and July of
2009.

This page currently has only links to other sites and social networks
here I have accounts like:

 - [Publications at DBLP](http://www.informatik.uni-trier.de/~ley/db/indices/a-tree/r/Rademaker:Alexandre.html)
 - [Curriculum Lattes (Portuguese)](http://lattes.cnpq.br/0675365413696898)

I do like to take pictures! It is my hobby. I will post some of them
soon.

Commit message:

improve the text about me

about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: About Me
---

{{ page.title }}
================

In April 2010 I obtained my PhD at [PUC-Rio](http://www.puc-rio.br).
My advisor was [Edward Hermann Haeusler](http://www.inf.puc-rio.br/~hermann/). My research
areas are [Description Logics](http://dl.kr.org/) and [Proof Theory](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_theory). 
Currently, I am a professor at [Applied Math School at Getulio Vargas Foundation](http://emap.fgv.br).

During my PhD I had two outstanding experiences as International
fellow at [MS Research](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/redmond/projects/z3/people.html),
between April and July of 2008 and at [SRI International](http://www.sri.com/), between February and July of
2009.

You can find more about me at:

 - [Publications at DBLP](http://www.informatik.uni-trier.de/~ley/db/indices/a-tree/r/Rademaker:Alexandre.html)
 - [Curriculum Lattes (Portuguese)](http://lattes.cnpq.br/0675365413696898)
 - [Facebook](http://facebook.com/alexandre.rademaker)
 - [Twitter](http://twitter.com/arademaker)
