---
layout: publication
title: Using Intuitionistic Logic as a Basis for Legal Ontologies
author:
 - Alexandre Rademaker
 - Edward Hermann Haeusler
 - Valeria de Paiva
venue: Informatica e Diritto(Journal on Informatics and Law), v.1, p.289-298
tags: publication
---

{{ page.title }}
================

Classical Description Logic has been widely used as a basis for
ontology creation and reasoning in many knowledge specific
domains. These specific domains naturally include Legal AI. As in any
other domain, consistency is an important issue for legal ontologies.
However, due to its inherently normative feature, coherence
(consistency) in legal ontologies is more subtle than in most other
domains. Negation and subsumption play a central role in ontology
coherence. An adequate intuitionistic semantics for negation in a
legal domain comes to the fore when we take legally valid individual
statements as the inhabitants of our legal ontology. This allows us to
elegantly deal with particular situations of legal coherence, such as
conflict of laws, as those solved by Private International Law
analysis. This paper: (1) Briefly presents our version of
Intuitionistic Description Logic, called IALC for Intuitionistic ALC
(ALC being the canonical classical description logic system)(2)
Discuss the jurisprudence foundation of our system, and (3) Shows how
we can perform a coherence analysis of “Conflict of Laws in Space” by
means of IALC. This paper reports work-in-progress on using this
alternative definition of logical negation for building and testing
legal ontologies and reasoning in AI.

Keywords: Description logic, intuitionistic Logic, legal ontologies, constructive negation

